Add first draft of stylesheet (#320)
kubernetes-sigs/lwkd: STYLESHEET.md

```

Only use periods at the end of statements in sections of LWKD that are full paragraphs, such as Developer News and KEP of the Week.  Bullet-point entries should not have periods.  If you need to include two separate statements in one bullet item, use a semicolon.

```
* Prevent [accidental StatefulSet pod deletion](https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/pull/120731) during rolling update
* Kubelet's `--node-ip` flag [initializes temporary IP addresses](https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/pull/121028); this is aojea's workaround for cloud provider backwards compatibility
```

Links should be inline in the natural text. Do not attach them with a separate "here" or "on our website."

```
Contributor Summit Paris [schedule is live](https://www.kubernetes.dev/events/2024/kcseu/schedule/#schedule).
```

Use code formatting for variable names, commands, and switches, and optionally use it for feature gates.

```
* `nominalConcurrencyShares` [can be zero](https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/pull/123001)
* `--node-labels` has been around for 28 releases, [maybe it's not alpha anymore](https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/pull/123061)
```

> Version numbers can be reported as either bare or with a "v", whatever seems appropriate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Version numbers can be reported as either bare or with a "v", whatever seems appropriate. In doubt use the formate the project/subproject is using.
```

Author: Can you untypo the suggestion?

```
* Kubeadm: add more [key encryption options](https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/pull/123054), apply patches correctly [to ConfigMap](https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/pull/123093), check [if node is control plane](https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/pull/123077) during upgrade
```

* It's OK for entries to be sentence fragments if the meaning is clear

```
* A new [`ServiceCIDR` type](https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/pull/116516)
```

And, some formatting for specific merge types:

```
## Promotions
* [PodHostIPs to Beta](https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/pull/121477)

## Version Updates
* [etcd to v3.5.10](https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/pull/121573)
* [go to 1.21.7](https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/pull/123230) in 1.26 through 1.29, and [to 1.22 in 1.30](https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/pull/123217)

```

### Developer News

Developer News should share with contributors the kinds of announcements that are also posted to `kubernetes/dev` and `#kubernetes-org-members`.

> In general, you should not repeat any news that has already appeared in LWKD. The main exception to this is major, project-spanning changes which have been hard to get people to pay attention to (i.e. moving the container images), in which case you might want to run those 2-3 times.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In general, you should not repeat any news that has already appeared in LWKD. The main exception to this is major, project-spanning changes or event related topcis like contributor summit information, which have been hard to get people to pay attention to (i.e. moving the container images). For those cases you might want to run them 2-3 times.
```
